Thundercats drinking vinegar kale chips pabst vibecession crucifix adaptogen readymade man braid tattooed vaporware franzen. Photo booth DSA fam, pinterest kickstarter marfa street art. Single-origin coffee kale chips venmo twee ethical yr cupping butcher blackbird spyplane tacos hexagon. Brunch kombucha heirloom cred. Fashion axe biodiesel typewriter VHS vegan, live-edge waistcoat messenger bag craft beer kitsch aesthetic. Etsy organic food truck, semiotics selfies everyday carry heirloom.

I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. I want your answer and the money by noon tomorrow. And one more thing. Don't you contact me again, ever. From now on, you deal with Turnbull. In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns. That's my family Kay, that's not me. Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment.

Never let anyone know what you are thinking. I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever. Is that why you slapped my brother around in public?

Don't you know that I would use all of my power to prevent something like that from happening? Why did you go to the police? Why didn't you come to me first? What's wrong with being a lawyer? What's the matter with you, huh? What am I going to do? Am I going to make that baby an orphan before he's born? I don't trust a doctor who can hardly speak English.

This one time, this one time I'll let you ask me about my affairs. What's wrong with being a lawyer? I see you took the name of the town. What was your father's name? Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever.

I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. Te salut, Don Corleone. I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them, as you can see. They talk when they should listen. Mr Corleone is Johnny Fontane's godfather. Now Italians regard that as a very close, a very sacred religious relationship.

My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator. The hotel, the casino. The Corleone Family wants to buy you out. If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone. Why did you go to the police? Why didn't you come to me first?

I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart! I have a sentimental weakness for my children and I spoil them, as you can see. They talk when they should listen. I am sorry. What happened to your father was business. I have much respect for your father. But your father, his thinking is old-fashioned. You must understand why I had to do that. Now let's work through where we go from here. I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense. Friends and money - oil and water.

Mr Corleone is Johnny Fontane's godfather. Now Italians regard that as a very close, a very sacred religious relationship. Your enemies always get strong on what you leave behind. Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment. When they come... they come at what you love.

You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me? Sonny, please don't do anything. Please don't do anything. Very well. You want to do business with me. I will do business with you. Don't ever give an order like that again. Not while I'm alive.